README.md, before:

## My name is Viktoriia. 

🎓 I am completing a Bachelor of Information Technology at Curtin University. <br/>
👾 My personal project is an indie game titled "The Maze: Treasure Hunters", developed in C# with Unity. <br/>
✍🏻 I'm also working on a capstone project  - website "Unihub+" for university clubs and events - as a frontend developer (React.js). <br/>
🌐 My visual work is available on [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/viktoriia.games?igsh=M2F4ODR6cmt0ZzAw&utm_source=qr). <br/>


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=unity&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Vusalcor&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Vusalcor&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Vusalcor&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Vusalcor&limit=5&theme=midnight-purple&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Vusalcor&icon=0&color=10)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

Commit message:

Revise README with updated bio and project links
Updated personal information and project details.

README.md, after:

## My name is Viktoriia. 

🎓 I am a graduate with a Bachelor's degree in Information Technology from Curtin University. <br/>
👾 My personal projects are: an indie game ["The Maze: Treasure Hunters"](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3670100/The_Maze_Treasure_Hunters/), website "Unihub+" . <br/>
✍🏻 Other links: .... <br/>


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=flat&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=flat&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=flat&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=flat&logo=unity&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Vusalcor&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Vusalcor&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Vusalcor&theme=midnight-purple&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=true&count_private=false&layout=compact)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Vusalcor&limit=5&theme=midnight-purple&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Vusalcor&icon=0&color=10)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)
